[CROWD screaming]
‐‐[EARLESS 6B roars]
‐‐[ROZ gasps]
[ROZ] Papa! The Earless
are going berserk.
Even More has disappeared!
I don't know where
my buddy's gone.
What do we do?
[ROZ gasps]
More? Is that you? But why?
Roz, my child.
It seems as though
the world's deceived us.
They have no desire to
coexist with the Earless.
It was all a lie.
[ROZ]
Papa!
[ROZ] Papa. We have to
go and get help!
No, it's too late for me.
Get away from here, quickly.
Our country has fallen.
No. It isn't over yet!
Please, run!
He made a promise to us.
Jimi swore he would
come back to our country.
He'll fix everything.
If you just hold on,
I know that we'll all be‐‐
[gasps] Papa!
You were right. Papa.
[ROZ]
We have to build the wall.
[MU humming]
[MU] Can't get enough of
these deep blue skies!
But I am done with
that weird smell.
It's probably because
we're near the ocean.
I always heard there
was a distinctive smell
in the air close to the sea.
Yeah, I guess rotting
animal is pretty distinctive.
What's up with you today?
You seem kinda draggy.
Well it's been a
pretty rough ride
and that hasn't been
doing me any favors.
It might be a little better
if we weren't stomping around
so hard this whole time.
Scuse you? You got
a problem, you can walk.
Oh yeah, that's an
awesome attitude.
I wonder what Jimi
would think about it.
[MU] So, what's it like
having a sibling, anyway?
[ECHO]
Uh‐‐ Where'd that come from?
[MU] Like do you and Swell
have the same taste in food?
Or do the two of you
share some random
personality quirk or whatever?
Huh, not exactly.
I would have
to think about that.
Well, start thinking.
Uh... I don't know
about personality.
But our hair tends to
be kinda wild? And‐‐
[MU gasps]
Holy crap, dude!
What's with this blue stuff?
Is it water?
Is all of that water?
There so much of it!
[ECHO gasps]
Wait. Easy. Please slow down.
You kiddin' me? No way
I'm gonna slow down.
Full speed ahead!
[ECHO]
Let me off!
[MU]
This is the ocean, huh?
Hey, why don't we
do that fishing thing
you mentioned before? C'mon!
We don't have a fishing pole,
or the time for it.
Unless you feel like
sleeping outside.
Eww. I definitely don't.
Me neither. We finally
got where we're going.
[ECHO] This is the place on
the map, no doubt about it.
So why isn't the
island out there?
And even if it was, there's
no way to get to it from here.
There's a door.
Right there, see?
That's prob'ly the way inside.
[ECHO]
Uh... I don't see anything.
Huh? What, so your eyes
are messed up too now?
Sure, go with that.
But if there really is a door,
there's still no island, right?
‐‐What's the difference?
‐‐Fine then, stay here.
I'll just swim
over there myself.
Huh? Hey, what's your deal?
Are you seriously
gonna throw a tantrum?
[gasps] Hold on. Hey, Echo?
Wait a minute. Echo?
You're not trying to
die on me, right?
Come on, man.
Wait. Is this my fault?
Did he get hurt because
I pushed too hard?
I... Somebody...
Anybody out there?
[MU gasps]
[MU] It's moving, but it
looks like a painting.
[MU gasps]
See, I told you.
C'mon, let's go.
We'll get you some help.
[MU]
Uh... This is super sketch.
It was midday just a second ago.
[sighs] Doesn't seem like
anyone's here. But then...
[gasps] What's up with that?
[MU]
Echo?
[MU gasps]
Over here.
Something's wrong
with my friend!
He collapsed all of a sudden.
We need medicine or a doctor!
This kid on the
bench, you mean?
[MU]
Uh, yeah.
It seemed like he was fine, and
then out of nowhere he just...
[ROZ]
I'm sure it's sound sickness.
It's a common affliction
among Players' partners,
but this looks like
quite a severe case.
Have you put him through
more strain than usual lately?
[MU]
Yeah. I guess so.
There are medicines that
can relieve the symptoms,
but it's best if you
let it run its course.
No way I can do that!
He looks like he's in
so much pain right now!
[ROZ]
More than you can imagine.
Losing your humanity is
an excruciating process.
Huh?
[ROZ]
He's going to become an Earless,
and that transformation is
preceded by sound sickness.
The mind finally
rejecting the body.
The power of Players has
that effect on normal people.
It causes a deep
mental agitation,
but it's masked by the euphoria.
With prolonged exposure,
the mind tries to
escape the body.
That drive to dissociate
becomes strong enough
to manifest physical symptoms.
It starts with
dizziness, headaches,
numbness in the limbs.
But this kid.
It looks like he's reached the
second‐to‐last stage already.
He'll find his peace soon.
[MU]
When you say "find his peace"...
[ROZ]
Yes. You should stay with him.
The last Earless a Player
subdues is their partner.
At least, so they say.
I'm sure that would
make him happy.
[MU]
But there's another way, right?
Pardon me?
You said there was
medicine, didn't you?
[ROZ] Yes, there's a
treatment to slow it down,
though my supply has been
on the shelf a while.
But can we still use it?
[ROZ]
I don't see why you'd want to.
Why does it matter if
he becomes an Earless?
Say he does. Would
simply being something
other than human
make him your enemy?
What? You're not making sense.
If there's a way to keep him
from becoming an Earless,
then that's what we need to do!
I see. Too bad. I was
hoping you'd understand.
There's no room in this country
for people who think
the way that you do.
This empty territory is
where the Earless can
take refuge from a world that
fears and despises them.
The Wall.
No way. You're doing this?
I'm Roz, the guardian
of this land.
And you. The way you people
hurt these children.
Did you expect us to
treat you with any respect?
I don't know what
it's like out there,
but right now,
you're the only monster here.
If you won't watch him pass,
you should leave.
Our country will have
a place for him,
free from the madness
of the world outside.
Here, he can be at peace.
I can't. Not after I
talked him into coming.
All of this is my fault.
There are times when
I get sick of him,
but I'm not leaving him.
[ROZ] As you wish,
but I still refuse to honor
a request from a Player.
Then take this.
I'll give up being a Player.
So please, save Echo.
42nd Treadmill?
Ugh. Is this‐‐
Echo!
[ECHO]
Whoa! Um, hi! What happened?
I'm so glad!
[ECHO]
Seriously?
Jimi's not here, and you agreed
to quit being a Player?
That was the only way she
would let you have the medicine.
[sighs] I can't believe
how gullible you are.
You honestly thought
sound sickness
could have turned me
into an Earless?
Well yeah. Wait, is that
not how that works?
[ECHO sighs] Somehow or another,
you managed to get fooled again.
First the soft futon,
and now this.
Honestly, you're way too quick
to trust people, you know that?
Ugh, I cannot
believe that chick.
Roz, you better run!
Better run like hell!
'Cause I'm gonna
cut you into little‐‐
Let me go and get it back.
Really, you think
you're gonna handle
this whole thing
all by yourself?
Uh... If she's the type
to pull a stunt like that,
then I think it's best
if I deal with her.
[MU]
Huh? Dude, you sure?
Yeah. Trust me on this one.
I can be tough when it
actually counts. Leave it to me!
He can be tough?
Not sure I buy that.
[ROZ] Well. You've recovered.
How did you like the River Styx?
Was it prettier than
the river of stars?
[ECHO] I came up here
to give you my thanks.
You saved my life today.
I owe you for that.
I screwed up.
My sound sickness hadn't been
showing many symptoms,
but if it got any worse,
I could have transformed
and attacked Mu.
I'm not the one that
you should be thanking.
Your Player friend.
Sorry. I suppose I
should say ex‐Player.
She's the reason
you're still alive.
You went through
a great deal to get here,
but I won't return this.
It would be a
violation of our pact,
and I can't abide oath‐breakers.
There's only one kind of
person I despise more.
[ECHO] I heard what
happened at the Fest.
What the Players
did to your people.
I understand why you would
hold a grudge against them.
But I promise.
Mu isn't the kind of
person who would‐‐
[ROZ]
I know.
[gasps]
When all my friends
were staring her down,
she never tried to make
a move for her Equipment,
and that tells me she knows
when it's best not to fight.
What's more, this Core
Part was reacting.
And it's not something
just anyone could use.
This was‐‐
[ECHO] The Core Part
that once belonged to
Jimi Stonefree, right?
We reached this place by
following Jimi's trail.
Nobody sent us.
We chose to come.
Please, tell me
about him. Anything.
[sighs] If that's what it'll
take for you to move on,
though there's truly
not much to tell.
[ROZ]
This dead country you see now.
It was once brimming with life.
Humans and Earless
living hand‐in‐hand.
We made no distinction.
And we all believed we
could sustain that way of life.
We were sure we could
live in peace with them,
because all of us wanted that.
We held a festival for deepening
our friendship with the Earless.
And on the final day
of the celebration,
all the people would
release balloons into the sky.
[JIMI] Ooh, sorry about that!
Kinda lost myself in the moment.
What were all those
pretty things?
I hope I didn't see
the last of them.
Well. If you'd like,
you can release one, too.
[ROZ] I certainly thought
he was an oddball.
As I suspect most people would.
The Earless stayed
grounded there with us.
It was only our balloons
that would take to the sky.
Carrying prayers that
we could go on living,
surrounded with friends,
forever and ever.
Looking back now,
it all feels like
some childish fantasy.
But Jimi didn't think so.
He said it made us
the most human of all.
[ROZ] We received word of the
Fest shortly after he arrived.
Of course our people
were suspicious of
the other countries' motives,
but if we hadn't played along,
it would have given
some of those powers
a clear pretext to attack us.
What they told us was
that they wanted to
protect the Earless
outside of our country,
and that they would need
our research data to do it.
In the end, we handed it all
over, despite our misgivings.
But as we feared, their true aim
was to eradicate the Earless.
They took this Crazy Diamond,
my father's invention,
and used it to draw these
children to the fight.
In the cruelest way.
The light it gave off
even reached this land,
and drove the Earless
living here into a frenzy.
They ravaged our country
and fled beyond the sky.
And no one survived.
It's only me now.
Jimi was there, doing everything
he could to put a stop to it,
but he never made it back.
We all knew the Earless
were dangerous.
We knew that the rest of the
world lived in fear of them,
and those fears
were well founded.
No matter how many
balloons we might offer,
or how much we
prayed for leniency,
we knew full well
that eventually something
would have to give.
But even so.
Nothing could excuse
all that they took from us.
[ROZ sighs] Well. That's
as much as I have for you.
As I said,
there's little to tell.
I can't give back
your Core Part,
so I suggest you go back to your
friend and return to your‐‐
[BOTH gasp]
[EIN, ZENDE, STUR]
Woohoo!
What's it gonna take to finally
get you lunatics off our backs?
[EIN] A foolish question!
You know exactly what we seek.
The proof that you are
the Dada successor.
The treasure that
adorns your... bosom?
[ZENDE]
Her bosom. It's unadorned!
An empty void, sister!
[STUR] A featureless expanse,
like a pond on a still day.
Or a snow‐covered meadow.
I look at her chest
and my eyes unfocus!
Okay, now you're
just being rude!
[EIN]
What have you done with
the mark of the
successor, girl‐child?
Well I gave it up.
[ALL] What was that?
Don't be absurd!
[EARLESS roars]
[ALL]
How?
An Earless? Wait, what?
Papa!
[ECHO]
Mu! Are you okay?
Yeah, this Earless
protected me.
And did I just
hear her call it Papa?
Never again will foreign Players
drag our peaceful land
into their misguided conflicts.
We'll have you
leave our country.
If you don't, we will
make you more than sorry.
[EIN chuckles]
You can't! Those three are‐‐
Papa? But why?
[ZENDE] Dear Sister,
did it not strike you odd
how many Earless were about?
It just occurred to me
that we've found the Wall.
[STUR] Ahh. That silly place
once full of silly people
who let the monsters
walk among them.
And yet their presence
is still rather curious.
[ZENDE] Quite curious indeed!
Because on the day of the Fest,
every last one of the
Earless in this country
is supposed to have been killed.
[STUR] So how is it that the
island still teems with them?
[ZENDE] A moment ago,
the weakling child cried out
to the beast that
struck her, no?
Yes, she called it "Papa."
[STUR]
Interesting. Very interesting!
[EIN]
Then it's true.
The masses of Earless among
which this girl resides
are really the souls of the
massacred people of Gnome!
Yes, and what if they are?
[STUR, ZENDE]
Then we'll do this!
[ROZ'S FATHER roars]
Stop. Please!
[ALL]
Now, tear her apart!
[ROZ]
Papa, are you crying?
I'm sorry I failed.
Our home and all of our people.
I couldn't protect anything.
Forgive me.
[MU, ECHO yelling]
[ECHO]
That kinda worked.
‐‐[ROZ] Why?
‐‐[MU] Why do you think?
You needed our help,
and you've got it.
[ECHO]
I know it's a lot to ask,
but if we're gonna
get through this,
you gotta believe in us.
If you can just
give us a chance.
If you put your trust in us.
[MU, EHCO]
We'll take those feelings
and beat their
heads in with 'em!
Take this. Save them!
My papa and my country!
[EIN] At last, the symbol of
Dada makes its appearance.
[STUR]
Talk about being a sore loser.
[ZENDE]
Now hand it over!
Or perhaps, a gentle
toss would be better.
[STUR]
Hold on!
Wait, wait, wait,
I wasn't ready!
We're spinning very quickly!
[STUR screams]
[MU]
You done? Is that it?
You could always hit me with
a blast of noise like before.
Or maybe you're useless
in a one‐on‐one fight!
[EIN] Please wait.
I can explain. Let's just talk!
[MU]
Screw talking!
[MU] I'll tell exactly you what
I think of you. With my fists!
[ALL gasp]
[ZENDE]
Dear Sister has arrived.
[STUR]
Welcome!
I kinda feel like
turning it up a notch.
Are you sure it won't
set off your sickness?
Nah, we're all good on that.
I got a ton of these.
Sweet. Right then.
Time to cut loose!
Let's rock!
[BOTH]
Top Boost!
[ALL gasp]
[ZENDE, STUR, EIN yelling]
[MU] I missed the blue sky.
It's so nice to see it again.
[ECHO]
Yeah, same.
[ROZ] I asked you to
save my country,
not punch a massive
hole through it.
Yeah, the roof is
kinda messed up,
but the country itself is okay!
[ROZ sighs]
Hey, wait a sec.
Who are you to complain
after you played me for
a fool like that earlier?
Wait, what?
Played you for a fool?
That's not gonna
work on me twice.
The whole sound sickness thing.
Echo was never really
gonna become an Earless!
He told me himself!
[ROZ]
Did he? I suppose he would.
He and I talked earlier.
You two are searching
for Jimi, aren't you?
[MU]
Uh‐‐
[ROZ] After the Fest ended,
a security team was
escorting him back to us
to have his injuries treated.
But in the end, Jimi never
reached this country.
He was likely intercepted,
and if that's the case,
I think I know who did it.
The great military
muscle behind the Fest.
Londinium.
[ROZ]
They provided Jimi's escort,
and they were the only ones
who could have undermined it.
You're likely to find
some clues if you go there.
Though you should be
aware that Londinium
is one of the most dangerous
places in the world.
You would be putting
both your lives at risk,
but I'm sure that won't
stop you. Will it, now?
Hell no. Not after we've
made it all this way.
Honestly. You're
so much like him.
Now that I think about it,
when did he even
tell you all that?
[ROZ] Get too caught up
in gazing at a berry,
you'll get to watch
a bird carry it off.
[MU]
Hm?
[ROZ] If you want it for your
own, you'd best guard it well.
Hey! Are you making fun of me?
Jeez! Don't be so dumb! Echo!
[MU] We've gotta take off.
Goodbye, Roz.
[ROZ]
Bye, take care.
[MU] Echo! I swear I'm gonna
stitch yer friggin' mouth shut!
[ROZ'S FATHER grunts]
Huh? You're asking if we don't
need to patch that hole?
We can leave it for a bit.
[ROZ]
It's been a while.
[JIMI] A leaden sky hangs
heavy over an old alleyway,
deep in the heart of
the City of the Dead.
Along a road paved
over with gravestones,
wilted flowers peek out
from a dustbin,
and the jailers laugh as
fire rains from the sky.
A girl with nowhere
left to belong
and two boys who
wanna be anarchists.
So let's get our
hands on a new rose,
and then we can
paint the town red.
"Day of Rage."
Raise your fists and
stand with the Players!